# Roster

This is the 9h mark (I added 1h to make things more "presentable")

## important!!

👉👉👉 I DID use cursor 👈👈👈. 
I did the first steps with phx generators and then cursor took charge to create a prototype. It was the UI mostly. Nothing worked but there was code there. After that
the hallucinations were constant and it ended up being simply a VScode with an unecessary 
annoying window on the right. Most code ended up being mine. 

## Things that I did

- A DB schema with seeds to start with. 
To get started use manager@example.com manager123456 and worker1@example.com worker123456
- Register/login users with roles. Obvs the basic auth logic was auto generated by phx (I loved it!) 
and I only added the roles logic
- User view only the things they should depending on their role. If not they get a nice flashy flash. I used plugs for that
- A manager and worker can assign/unassign  availabilities and work types (specialisations)
- A manager can create shifts and view a list with all shifts. 
- There is filtering when selecting the worker based on work type and unavailabilities

## Things I didn't do

- No docker (coming up)
- I did write some basic tests but all doc tests fail because I didn't tend to them
- I didn't have time to get into the PubSub thingy for live updates. 
- I didn't have time to show shifts to a worker
- A gazillion ideas about making it better:
  -> Better date range selection with pre-fixes like + nHours, an "every X day from Y to Z" custom live component.
  -> Live notifications when a new shift is assigned (why not by email/sms)
  -> Bind workers to managers (that was stupid, I just saw that)
  -> Chat! 
  -> Check that a worker already has a conflicting shift
  -> Reports for totals hours worked by work type both on the manager and worker views 
  -> I can go on forever... 

## how it went
It was mostly smooth. I got stuck when I had to filter things out, it took me 1 hour to build the query - not in sql - in ecto because I wasn't that familiar with joins and dynamic filters
I also stuck when handling the phx-change event because it took me some time to understand the 
changeset life cycle. Apart from that it was learn and apply. 

<-------- Updates after the 9h ------------------------>
